coyote is the latest one-of-a-kind speed camera locator
warns of the presence of fixed mobile speed cameras all okkei cameras
traffic lights that downloading in real time through the gprs network
the latest updates available also the community coyote thanks to
reports from the same users
constantly updates databases indicating the presence of speed cameras
furnishings
this video follows in detail the installation phases the operation of the
system
inside the box there is the coyote device inserted in his
support the support with adhesive tape allows you to install coyotes
on the windshield
once set it will be possible to easily extract coyotes to carry it
with him without leaving it in his car
coyote is equipped with a mini socket 2 cloves for recharging with power and
the two buttons located at the bottom of the screen
inside the box are present in the usb-y cable for charging the
battery
and the cigarette lighter adapter all essential for the operation of the
your coyote
12 hour battery life
coyote can be recharged by simply connecting the device
a computer through the socket two wedges
coyote equipped with two buttons the right button must be pressed to
a few seconds to activate the device
once turned on the left button allows access to the menu of
configuration
it is possible to vary the intensity of the volume choosing between silent low
meteo of orte
in addition, the language can be set by selecting 3 Italian
Dutch Polish Portuguese blind German English Spanish French
the left button that scrolls down menu options
while the right one confirms the chosen setting
it is also possible to view the technical information relating to
own coyote
the right button allows you to turn off the device that is deactivated anyway
automatically after 5 minutes of teen spirit
the best place to install coyotes
and at the top of the windshield next to the rearview mirror is
however it is possible to place the coyote wherever you want
to recharge coyotes in the car just connect the u2's cable to the married
cigarette lighter adapter and insert it into the socket
once turned on coyote gps signal search of satellites to locate the
painting position
after connecting to the coyote server via the gprs network the device
download the latest information
during each movement coyote constantly indicates the speed on the display
of the ellora vehicle
coyote regularly warns of the presence of fixed speed cameras
approaching fixed speed camera if silent mode is not activated
coyote which emits light and sound signals indicating the distance from the
speed detector
also the display
displays the maximum speed limit allowed in that section of
route
the relative indication of mobile speed cameras follows the same logic as
display also specifying the time of the last report in fact
they are the members of the coyote community themselves who make their
information available to communicate the presence of a mobile speed camera is
just press a button on the device specifying its
position with respect to the direction of travel
the information is recorded sent in real time to coyote users
present in the stretch of road concerned
you exceed the speed limit the intensity of the mint light signal
and the speed of the vehicle is indicated with figures the weather on the bottom
clear
in case of presence of motorway sections controlled by the system
all coyote warns the driver of the presence of the course
the display shows the maximum speed allowed for the average speed
of the vehicle in the section that you are traveling on and the speed of entry
in the controlled section
in addition to speed cameras and you have everything
coyote promptly reports the presence of fixed cameras installed on the
traffic lights the databesees coyote keeps the information related to all the
reports informing about the possible presence of risk areas
an extra precaution for moving safely
finally coyote equipped with the scout function
these modes let you know in real time
the number of community members in the vicinity of your vehicle
you will know and so you can count on the signaling of motorists
that precede you oh if others will count on you
coyote is a concentrate of technology that allows you to travel in peace and quiet
always up to date
coyote saves his driving license hey insecurities